Improve Sphinx doc 160 (#195)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/glossary.rst

Let's go through a few words and their meaning.

.. glossary::

    Task

>         A task is a function that would be executed later. It is linked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A task is a function to be executed later. It is linked
```

Reviewer 2: My suggestion:

A task is a function executed asynchronously – at a later time, in the context of a worker process.

>         A task is a function that would be executed later. It is linked

Author: "Asynchronously" can be too polysemantic for this I think. If there's one place where we want to use simple words it's where we define the complicated ones :)

> A task is a function executed at a later time by another process.

        to a default queue, and expects keyword arguments (see `howto/tasks`).

    Job
        A job is the launching of a specific task with specific values for the
        keyword arguments. In your code, you're mainly interacting with jobs at

>         2 points: when you deferring them, and when their associated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2 points: when you defer them, and when their associated
```

        dishes and doing the laundry. If you did the laundry once and the dishes twice
        today, you did 3 jobs."

    Defer
        The action of instantiating a task and registering it for later execution by a
        worker.

    Queue
        This is the metaphorical place where jobs await their execution by workers.
        Each worker processes tasks from one or several queues.

    Worker
        A process responsible for processing one or more queues: taking tasks one
        by one and executing them, and then wait for the queue to fill again.

    App
    Application
        This is meant to be the main entry point of Procrastinate. The app knows
        all the tasks of your project, and thanks to the job store, it knows how
        to launch jobs to execute your tasks (see `App`).

    Job Store
        The job store responsibility is to store and retrieve jobs. In Procrastinate, the
        job store will store your jobs in your PostgreSQL database.

    Schema
        The schema designates all the tables, relations, indexes, procedures, etc. in the
        database. Applying the schema means installing all those objects in the database.

>         A evolution in the schema (modifying the table structure, or the procedures) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An evolution in the schema (modifying the table structure, or the procedures) is
```
